 서버가 시작됨  Port : 12345 
접속대기중 ... 
접속완료 접속IP 192.168.205.157 
IO객체를 얻었습니다. 
접속대기중 ... 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : asd 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : das 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : das 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : das 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : das 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : asd 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : asd 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : asd 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : asd 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : asd 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : a 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : sd 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : asd 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : asd 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : asd 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : asd 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : asd 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : ds 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : das 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : asd 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : asd 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : d 
user1으로부터 받은 메시지 : as 
접속완료 접속IP 192.168.205.157 
IO객체를 얻었습니다. 
접속대기중 ... 
user2 님님이 서버의로그를 저장하였습니다  
